[SPARK-56984][DOCS] Document the SQL PATH feature (#56040)
apache/spark: docs/sql-ref-identifier.md

    Any character from the character set. Use <code>`</code> to escape special characters (e.g., <code>`</code>).

### Reserved system names

`system`, `session`, and `builtin` have special meaning and should not be used as user-defined
catalog or schema names.

| Name | Position | Notes |
| :--- | :------- | :---- |
| `system` | catalog | Virtual catalog hosting `system.builtin` and `system.session`. Spark does not load `system` through the v2 catalog API; setting `spark.sql.catalog.system = ...` is unsupported and produces undefined results. The current catalog cannot be `system`. |
| `builtin` | schema | A persistent schema named `builtin` is allowed but discouraged because it collides with `system.builtin`. |
| `session` | schema | A persistent schema named `session` is allowed but discouraged because it collides with `system.session`. |

> An unqualified 2-part reference like `builtin.x` or `session.x` walks a small **mini-path** to

Reviewer: "An unqualified 2-part reference" is in tension with the taxonomy this PR establishes in `sql-ref-name-resolution.md:273`, which heads exactly this case as `### Partially qualified (2 parts) — schema.object`. `describe-function.md:47` (also new in this PR) just says "2-part names". A 2-part reference like `builtin.x` is partially qualified — it carries one level of qualifier (the schema), so calling it "unqualified" reads as self-contradictory.

(Late catch — this wording was already in the prior review's snapshot and I should have flagged it then. Apologies for the second pass.)

```suggestion
A partially qualified 2-part reference like `builtin.x` or `session.x` walks a small **mini-path** to
```
